---
Matière:
Semestre:
Date: 2023-10-12
Prof: 
Type: notes de cours
---
# Anglais-2023-20-13
Date: [[2023-10-13]] | Tags : #cours #anglais
### Modals
| must   | Obligation         |
| ------ | ------------------ |
| Can    | Capacity           |
| Should | Advise             |
| Would  | Conditional/polite |

Never use **"to"** after a modal. 
### Phrases de Test

The colorist starts working on a movie before the re recording mixer/dubbed mixer.
*L'étalonneur commence à travailler sur un film avant le mixer son.*

The Boom Operator must make sure to record the sound on set.
*Le perchman/ l'assistant son doit s'assurer d'enregistrer le son sur le plateau*

The audio engineer is in charge of/responsible for the recording on live events/gigs.
*L'ingénieur du son est en charge/est responsable de l'enregistrement des spectacles/concerts*

### Questions test
#### 1. What do you want to do for a living, try to be specific?
*I want to try has many thing as I can in the sound industry to know exactly what I want to do after the school. If I get famous as a dancer maybe I can be professional one* 
Composing music, recording artist in a studio. To eat a lot.
#### 2. Have you ever been to an English-speaking country? Where? Where would you like to go next?
New York, and in 2020 in Louisiana, New-Orleans, french quarter… England? 
#### 3. Tell me about an artist/ a type of music you're into? What do you like about him/her?
Currently he love daft punk, french electronic musique. I like the artist direction, their iconic mask, groove. 


Groupe de métal qui mixe des work songs avec du métal : [[Zielardor]]

### Quelques corrections
Présent = I am speaking to ….
Close futur = I am going to speak to ….

I'm interesting = I'm an interesting person | I'm interested in metal music ..


